What I struggled with here is how to handle constraints, and more likely, how to handle gerenal objects

How does python know about locked sets
How does python know about given digits
How does python know about unique regions
...
How does python handle partiotioning the grid into a bunch of unique regions
A hypothesis like Partition f UniqueRegion (saying that there exists a partition where each section is a unique region)

I currently have these as tuples in a constraints dict
But there is no processing for locked sets.

At this point, since lean is not storing grid information in a data structure, it should be fairly easy to just say everything is a hypothesis.

c1 P                            is a proof of f 1 = x
digit_in_region h P.row3 (c8 P) is a proof of f 10 != 1
UniqueRegion f {...}            is a proof of itself

Lets say this, rather than keeping seperate grid state and eliminations state, just keep a dictionary of proofs
'Filled f 1 3': c1 P
'Filled f 2 4': P.given2
'Eliminated f 10 1': digit_in_region h P.row3 (c8 P)
'UniqueSet f {...}': P.box3
'LockedSet f {...} {...}': ls_c1_c2 P

Note that we are just considering filled and eliminatied to be special cases, and we dont have the original case.

Then the ui could just go through those, pick the ones it wants to show
looks for filled
looks for eliminated
looks for locked sets

Then we need to parse the lean context (every time) and add in those hypotheses, that or know what they are when running the code
And get the goal.

This approach would basically translate everything from lean into pythonized stuff


Then we have to decide what is public and private. maybe have is not user runnable, 
and the macros that call it have to say what the goal is in python language and something converts it to lean language


As far as the actual problem I noticed, it is that to initialize the given digits, 
I also run eliminate_region, which requires knowledge of the regions. givens create objects that make the python grid and eliminations happy.

I want the eliminations to be created as soon as possible, but when we have many many basic eliminate functions, that is going to be too much.
If instead, the eliminate functions are user level commands, and some of them are run automatically in certain cases
I can't just automatically run auto eliminate commands, there is no triggers to run them. fill cell does not automatically find eliminate functions to run.

Will I store the difference between a locked set and a unique set, or will I just go off of length
I would like to be able to run support cases (or hidden single) and pick any valid region




A constraint has
- A type
- data like cell and such
- lean code that is a proof, whether it is single term P.given2, a lemma c1 P, or a line digit_in_region ... with other variables

Something like region eliminate will go through, find the unique regions, and use


There will never be a case where these need to be all in one list. Let's keep grid and eliminations seperate, and just keep one variable for hypotheses.
This will be a Dict[str,List[...]] with the type. So something like 'UniqueRegion' and have a list of each of the unique regions

That way functions can iterate over the category they want easily, and functions can also iterate through all constraints.
These could also be turned into class objects with the lean variable that it requires: UniqueRegion(cells), LockedSet(cells), LessThan(cell,digit) although less thans can also be inline based on eliminations
grid is a special case, grid[int,int] which should look like 'filled': [Fill(cell,digit)='c1']
eliminations is also elims[cell][digit]=proof which should look like 'elim': [Elim(cell,digit)=('info to create the elimination')]
All under hypotheses are part of the puzzle definition or they will be proven during


Then we can have a registry of constraints.

I am already creating python objects on parsing time for each constraint, so we can turn that match case into something less progrmmed. 
We can basically assume every constraint will look like Name f data, and every constraint can have its own from_lean_code initializer.
Creation. Every tactic can add one of these into prepared changes. Say create a LockedSet(cells,name of lemma)

